#summary Things yet to do.

= Introduction =

This is the place to list every TODO we need to make for this project.

= Menu =

  # Complete other menu options including volume settings;
  # Do Save/Load routines;
  # Show credits in the end of game or after some seconds in Main Menu;


= In Game =

  * Finish scripting while doing the following tasks:
  
  # Extra bonus: Implement extra bonus (coins, keys, magic, leafs);
  # Overlay: process overlay sprites in screen.
  # Hit stars: draw stars when actors are hit. 
  # Animation Actions: Finish animation to process shoot actions and magic ball throw;
  # Drown: Make Hero to drown;
  # Found Objects: allow hero to grab inventory items;
  # Inventory: process and draw inventory menu;
  # Images: finish code to show intro screens in fullscreen with dialogues;
  # Dialogues: make dialogues interaction in game;
  # Voice: make dialogues voices;
  # Game over: process game over model;
  # Renderer: implement missing rendering types and fix rendering issues;
  # Holomap: create holomap routines;


= Refactoring =

  # Do endian for reading content from pointers for proper portability;
  # Comment and reorganize the code for renderer files;
  # Do a proper resource system, changing each request resource when need it;
  # Do a proper sound system with cached resources. Also save the sample handle to proper stop/pause/resume it. Take the advantage of Channels. Use panning and distance to all samples in scene;
  # Improve Keyboard routines. Its now based in original but can be tricky to port it;